# Sixty AI
An NLP Text Generation Project borne out of the #60DaysOfUdacity Challenge during [Facebook's Secure and Private AI Scholarship](https://www.udacity.com/facebook-AI-scholarship "Facebook's Secure and Private AI Scholarship"). 

<br/>Sixty is a text generation AI trained on a text corpus of extracted messages from the Udacity's Slark Archive Channel called _60 Days of Udacity_ during the Facebook's Secure and Private AI Scholarship. _As part of the #60DaysOfUdacity challenge, participants had to update their progress in the challenge course daily in the slack channel for 60 days at a stretch._ Hence, the text generated by Sixty closely resembles the updates people were posting in the channel. 

<br/>Sixty harnesses the power of OpenAI's GPT-2 model to generate text. Specifically, their smallest version called _**117M**_. However, raw GPT-2 117M was not used for the task as the original model lacks the '_Finetuning_' capability. Instead, a fork of GPT-2 by _Max Woolf_ called [gpt-2-simple](https://github.com/minimaxir/gpt-2-simple) was used. 

<br/>This repository is structured in a rather unorthodox manner, not following the usual folder naming conventions. Instead, the folders are named and numbered in a sequential fashion informing anyone where to look at first, starting from the _first_ folder. 

<br/>The last two folders in this repository contain notebooks that lay out a straightforward template to train the GPT-2 on any text corpus. You simply need to _plug-in_ the text corpus (can be a csv or text file), and the `gpt-2-simple` library takes care of everything else. Read the markdowns and the comments in the notebook to know more. 

## Examples 
Some example text generated by _Sixty_, 
- *day 2* - completed till *deep learning with pytorch* section 4 - completed 2 more steps and coded a second *image recognition and classification* notebook - continuing the *deep learning with differential privacy* lesson :female-student: 
- day 9 of #60daysofudacity: - restarted the deep learning with pytorch course. - continued reading chapter 2 of the book "the algorithmic foundations of differential privacy" (i read it twice) - followed the suggested reading by google cloud, i was able to make some progress. i have already started with the intro to dl with pytorch course. i will continue tomorrow. - read "the algorithmic foundations of differential privacy" (i almost finished it!) - read "chapter 1: the promise of differential privacy" by cynthia dwork
- day 10: 1. i updated my #60daysofudacity project in github:  2. i finished lesson 6.6 and started working on the final project 6.7 which is going to be implemented using pytorch.
- *day 11* :torch_heart_big:   :torch_heart_big: *day 10*: completed lesson 6: differential privacy for deep learning  :torch_heart_big: 

In the examples above, notice the text styling as well as the insertion of emojis (:text between colons:) done by Sixty on its own. Sixty has even learned to use the proper hashtags! 

